hey dudes I'm Hilah and today on Hilah
cooking we are making pad thai this is a
recipe that's been requested several
times it's probably the most famous Thai
dish that most people have heard of it's
a noodle dish we're gonna do some shrimp
with it and I'm really excited to share
with you have been trying to figure out
how to make this to like recreate the
first time I had it when I was 19 since
I was 19 and I think I finally got it so
I'm stoked to share it with you let's
get just stir-frying all my ingredients
perhaps that is super important when
you're doing any kind of stir-fried dish
because everything moves really fast
once you get going on the heat so you
want to make sure that you've got your
me simply in plot or in place okay so
for the sauce I've got some tamarind
liquid tamarind juice tamarind
concentrate this is what a tamarind bean
looks like you can find these whole and
a lot of like Hispanic or Latin markets
or Asian markets and then you can find
this juice in Asian markets also so
using some of that if you can't find it
for some reason you could use a lime
juice but use a little bit less than the
recipe calls for for the tamarind
because it's limes a little harder so
tamarind is very tart we're gonna
balance that with some sugar and I
should be using palm sugar but I'm using
light brown sugar because it's a lot
easier to find than palm sugar and some
fish sauce and if you are a vegetarian
and you don't want to use fish sauce I
think that you can find vegan fish sauce
that's like sort of flavored like fish
sauce that doesn't have fish in it I
think if not you could use some soy
sauce so what we're doing here is like
getting a good balance between sour
which is the tamarind and sweet and
salty which is the fish sauce I really
like this red boat brand it's just made
from anchovies it doesn't have any sugar
or anything in it so it's just got a
clean salty briny flavor just good
combined and then we'll set that aside
so I'm using shrimp like I said eggs are
pretty much seen in every pad thai
unless you're vegan and then I've got
some fried tofu cubes I fried these
ahead of time if you want to see how to
press and fry firm tofu I did a video on
that a long time ago with how to
stir-fry so you can go check that out if
you want to you've got some peanuts some
bean sprouts so limes and then these are
called garlic chives and they're similar
to regular tribes but you can see
they're really flat they're much more
they much more look like a blade of
grass and they're very pungent like
they're kind of making the whole kitchen
smell garlic and onion II right now so
if you can find these use them they're
very perishable so try to use buy them
just like a day or two before you need
them and keep them in the fridge just
wrapped up in a damp towel because
they'll get kind of soft and gross
pretty quick or you can use regular
science or you could use green onions
and then I've got a shallot that I've
thinly sliced and a whole lot of garlic
and did I mention shrimp I don't know
okay and some red pepper flakes okay
finally the noodles so I've got these
this is the kind that I like they're
called rice stick noodles I like this
size medium you can get them in any
width from like 1/4 inch to all the way
to up to a half an inch and I like
something that's kind of in between that
but they're flat and long and all I've
done is taken half of that package and
soaked it in some warm water for it's
probably been about 30 minutes now so
they go from looking like this
like kind of translucent and a little
beige to looking like this or there's
more opaque and white and you want to
just let them soak until they look like
this and when you bite a piece like
between your molars it feels a little
like you're chewing on a rubber band not
so chewy that you can't like after a
couple bites like swallow it and chew it
up it's fine
but like the first time you bite into it
it kind
feels like you're biting on a rubber
band so that's good we're just gonna let
them stay in this water this water is
cooled off now I'm just gonna let her
stay in the water until we need to add
them to the walk if you don't have a
walk just use a really big skillet or
even like a really big comb all you need
something that's big because this is a
lot of stuff that we're gonna be putting
in here if you don't have a skillet or a
wok that's approximately that size then
you might want to just cut this recipe
into two and you might want to have the
recipe okay so we're gonna start out
with this in high heat now a little bit
of oil I'm using safflower oil but
peanut oil is probably more traditional
once your oil gets hot we'll add in the
shallots and the garlic and fry those
for maybe 30 seconds and in this case
you do want the garlic to get a little
bit of color on it and the shallots will
get a little bit Brown then we're gonna
add the eggs and just let them set for
about 15 seconds and then start to break
up the yolks and whites with your
spatula so you end up with some distinct
chunks of yellow and white and then
we'll add our shrimp you can made this
out of huge don't you shrimp or you can
use thinly sliced chicken breast or
chicken thighs instead we're gonna add
the shrimp and cook that for maybe 60
seconds just until the edges start to
turn pink and they start to get a little
bit cooked we don't want to cook them
all the way at this point and it will
add the tofu if you want to add if you
want to use tofu
so after about 60 seconds of the shrimp
here we're gonna add the noodles and I'm
just gonna use some tongs to lift them
out of the water and put them straight
into the walk so that they're not
drained totally dry we want a little bit
of that water that they're soaking in to
cling to them we're going to add the
noodles we're gonna add however much the
chili flake you want to use and then
we're gonna add the tamarind sauce that
we made and cook and stir fry this for
about five minutes until the noodles are
soft and al dente and then we'll add
half of our peanuts half of our bean
sprouts and half of the garlic chives
and just stir fry that for another 30 to
60 seconds until the bean sprouts have
wilted and then once all the sauce is
absorbed and the noodles are soft we're
ready to serve
anytime you do Pad Thai the noodles kind
of separate from the good stuff so kind
of do a little twisty thing cute and
then you can pick out you know if you
want tofu or shrimp
and you noticed I left the tails on the
shrimp just because I think it looks a
little prettier
and then you just garnish it with more
roasted peanuts and these I just crushed
up in a mortar and pestle so that their
various textures and piece sizes little
peanuts maybe a little more fresh chives
definitely some fresh bean sprouts and
then stir in each bowl with a little
lime wedge for some fresh sourness on
top so there you go so if you like this
recipe check out the how to stir-fry
video I made a long time ago to see how
to fry your tofu if you want to do tofu
I also did a spring rolls video a couple
years ago that would be a good
accompaniment to this so let's well
let's see how I did I'll tell ya so I
don't know if you can remember have the
noodles were before but now they're
fully cooked still they always have a
little bit of a rubberiness to them but
that's part of the pleasure this is too
big of a bite
mm this was pretty much exactly like I
remember the first time I ever had pet
time in Boston when I was 19 and there's
like one of the best things I ever ate
my life and now I can eat any time
watching so can you so there you go
there's how to make pad thai the
printable Pad Thai recipe is on my
website at Hilah cooking calm please
don't forget to subscribe if you haven't
already and I'll see you guys next time
and if you make this send me a picture
on Instagram or Twitter or Facebook or
slam tag me on it at Hilah cooking I'd
love to see it
alright thanks have a great day and see
you guys later bye